------- Python Questions -------

1. Program to add two numbers. 
2. Program to find square root of a number.
3. Program to calculate area of triangle. 
4. Program to swap two variables.
5. Program to convert celsius to fahrenheit.
6. Program to check if a number is positive, negative or zero.
7. Program to check if a number is even or odd. 
8. Program to find largest number among three numbers.
9. Program that check if a string is empty or not.
10. Program to check if a character is a vowel or consonant.
11. Program to find if a given number is a prime number or not.
12. Program to check leap year.
13. Program to print the numbers from 1 to 20.
14. Program to print even numbers from 1 to 20.
15. Program to print the square numbers from 1 to 10.
16. Program that asks the user for a number and uses a loop to print the multiples of that number up to 10.
17. Program that asks the user to enter a string and uses a loop to count the number of characters in the string.
18. Program that asks the user for a number and uses a loop to calculate its factorial.
19. Program that generates a random number between 1 and 10 and asks the user to guess the number. The program should continue asking for guesses until the user guesses correctly.
20. Program that asks the user for a number and uses a loop to print a triangle pattern of asterisks. The number of rows in the triangle should be equal to the entered number.
21. Program that asks the user to enter a string and uses a loop to count the number of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in the string.
22. Program that calculates the sum of all even numbers from 1 to 50 using a loop
23. Program to display the multiplication table. 
24. Program to print the Fibonacci Sequence.
25. Program to check Armstrong number.
26. Program to find Armstrong Number in an interval.
27. Program to display powers of 2 using anonymous function.
28. Program to print a given string in uppercase.
29. Program to check if a given string is a palindrome or not.
30. Program to concatenate two strings.
31. Program to reverse a string.
32. Program to remove the vowels from a string.
33. Program to count the occurrences of a specific character in a string.
34. Program to check if a given string is an anagram of another string.
35. Program to find the length of the longest word in a sentence.
36. Program to capitalize the first letter of each word in a sentence.
37. Program to check if a given string starts with a specific prefix.
38. Program to check if a given string ends with a specific suffix.
39. Program to extract the file extension from a given file name.
40. Program to replace all occurrences of a specific word in a string with another word.
41. Program to split a string into a list of words.
42. Program to print the elements of a list.
43. Program to find the length of a list.
44. Program to access the nth element of a list.
45. Program to append an element to a list.
46. Program to remove an element from a list.
47. Program to sort a list in ascending order.
48. Program to reverse a list.
49. Program to find the maximum and minimum elements in a list.
50. Program to check if a given element exists in a list.
51. Program to find the sum of all elements in a list.
52. Program to print the elements of a tuple.
53. Program to find the length of a tuple.
54. Program to access the nth element of a tuple.
55. Program to concatenate two tuples.
56. Program to convert a tuple into a list.
57. Program to check if an element exists in a tuple.
58. Program to count the occurrences of an element in a tuple.
59. Program to find the index of an element in a tuple.
60. Program to find the maximum and minimum elements in a tuple.
61. Program to slice a tuple.
62. Function that takes two numbers as arguments and returns their sum.
63. Function called `calculate_average` that takes a list of numbers as an argument and returns the average (mean) of the numbers.
64. Function that takes a string as argument and prints its length. 
65. Function that takes a list of numbers as an argument and returns the sum of all even numbers in the list.
66. Function that takes a list of strings and a search string as arguments and returns a list of strings containing the search string.
67. Function that takes a number as an argument and returns "Even" if the number is even, and "Odd" if it's odd.
68. Function that takes a list of numbers as an argument and returns a new list containing only the positive numbers.
69. Function that calculates the factorial of a given number using recursion.
70. Function that takes a string as an argument and returns a dictionary with the count of each character in the string.
71. Function that calculates the power of a number. It should have a default exponent of 2.
72. Function that takes a sentence as an argument and returns a list of unique words. Allow the function to ignore case. 
73. Function that calculates the area of a rectangle given its width and height. Then, write a function that calculates the area of a triangle given its base and height.
74. Function that takes a list of numbers as an argument and returns the minimum and maximum values as a tuple.
75. Function that takes a string as an argument and returns the first and last characters as a tuple.
76. Function that simulates rolling a six-sided dice. It should return a random number between 1 and 6.
77. Function that generates a random password of a given length. Allow the function to include letters, digits, and special characters.
78. Recursive function to calculate the nth Fibonacci number.
79. Recursive function to calculate the factorial of a given number.
80. Function that takes a list of numbers and a function as arguments and applies the function to each element of the list.
81. Function that takes a list of strings and a function as arguments and returns a new list containing strings that satisfy the given function.
82. Program to print the elements of a set.
83. Program to find the length of a set.
84. Program to add an element to a set.
85. Program to remove an element from a set.
86. Program to perform set union and intersection.
87. Program to check if an element exists in a set.
88. Program to find the difference between two sets.
89. Program to check if two sets are equal or not.
90. Program to remove duplicates from a list using a set.
91. Program to convert a list to a set.
92. Program to print the key-value pairs of a dictionary.
93. Program to find the length of a dictionary.
94. Program to access the value associated with a specific key in a dictionary.